GIFSICLE 0.9
============

ABOUT GIFSICLE
--------------
   Gifsicle twaddles GIF image files in a variety of ways. It may be
better than many of the freely available GIF twaddlers on the market;
for one thing, it has more options.

   It supports merging several GIFs into a GIF animation; exploding an
animation into its component frames; changing individual frames in an
animation; turning interlacing on and off; adding transparency; adding
delays, disposals, and the Netscape loop extension to animations;
adding and removing comments; and optimizing animations for space,
among other things. Extensive command-line options control which, if
any, of these occur.

   Please see the man page, `gifsicle.man', for more information.

   THIS IS A PRELIMINARY RELEASE. There are undoubtedly bugs and
problems. Gifsicle comes with NO WARRANTY, express or implied,
including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

GIFSICLE HOME PAGE
------------------
   For latest distributions, bug reports, and other breaking info, see
the Gifsicle home page at

	http://www.pdos.lcs.mit.edu/~eddietwo/gifsicle/

MAKING GIFSICLE
---------------
   You need an ANSI C compiler, such as gcc.

   Just type `./configure', then `make'. `make install' will build and
install gifsicle and its manual page.

   `./configure' accepts the usual options. See `INSTALL' for more
details.

   If you have X11, you can additionally build a simple program,
`gifview', which shows the frames of its input GIFs in an X window.
Click on the window to move to the next frame. Gifview is an alpha
program and is not built by default. To build gifview, give
`./configure' the `--enable-gifview' option.

BUGS, SUGGESTIONS, ETC.
-----------------------
   Please write me if you have trouble building or running gifsicle,
or if you have suggestions or (preferably) patches.

	Eddie Kohler
	eddietwo@lcs.mit.edu
	http://www.pdos.lcs.mit.edu/~eddietwo/

COPYRIGHT
---------
   All source code is Copyright (C) 1997 Eddie Kohler.

   Permission is granted to copy, distribute, or alter gifsicle, in
whole or in part, as long as the above notice is kept intact, with the
following restrictions. Commercial developers and distributors, i.e.
those who will profit monetarily from copying or distributing this
code, must contact me and obtain permission before doing so. Further,
those who copy or distribute gifsicle, in whole or in part, without
providing source code or notice of where the source code can be
obtained, must contact me and obtain permission before doing so.

   (Not that any of this would ever happen, but what the hell!)
